if you were interested in biology classes
in primary or secondary school or in
preparatory insurance have you ever been
asked how the vesicles move
within a cell and what is more
interesting how do they know where to go since
according to the drawings of the books of
text seems to float inside the
cell and so they went to their destination good in
I will explain this video in a rough way
how is it that this happens but first they
I will explain something that is essential to know
to understand the movement of the tails
and even organelles inside the cell
it's about the cytoskeleton the
cytoskeleton is made up of
microtubules micro filaments and
intermediate filaments microtubules
they are very hollow cylindrical structures
small formed by 13 proto
filaments composed of subunits of
a protein called tubulin this to its
it is divided into tubulin alpha and beta
the microtubules originate from the
centrosome place from which it
polymerizes the tubulin subunits
from his side - to his side more to
form the microtubules the microtubules
they give structural stability to the
cell form a scaffolding help
keep the organs
instead they form the mitotic spindle and
form a kind of rails for
vesicular movement among others
functions the microfilaments are other
structures much thinner than
microtubules but equally important
these are made up of subunits of
a protein called actin their
functions are to constrain the
cell in mitosis give movement to
the cell for example the filaments of
actin or microfilaments with
help of another protein called myosin
they perform muscle contraction this
only with presence of calcium but that already
it is more complicated also thanks to the
microfilaments the cell performs the
phagocytosis and those that interest us
It also serves as rails for
vesicular movement among others
functions and finally the filaments
intermediate the assembly of the
intermediate filaments is done in
four steps first one forms a
monomer of various globular domains
with a mino side and a car box and what
second join two monomers that can
be identical or not according to the type of
intermediate filament two two
first join to form a
but which is considered the subunit
structural of the filaments
intermediate between the functions of these
they find themselves providing strength
mechanics in cells like epithelial
the cardiac or nervous ones help to give
thickness to the axons and are part
important of adherent unions like
emirs moss or more since they have the
ability to bind to other proteins
as well as other structures of the
cytoskeleton like the ones we've already seen
so far no protein is known
that moves on filaments
intermediate good now that we already know
the cytoskeleton we can already respond to
the questions we had asked ourselves
principle as we saw only the
microtubules and microfilaments
they act as rails on the
microtubules act two proteins
different divine ones and the
related and nash the dynes are proteins
with a pair of globular heads that
they move retrograde that is to say
towards the centrosome or how is it
from more to less among its functions of
this protein is the position of the spindle
mitotic instead the movement of
the chromosomes locate the apparatus of
golgi the mobile
of organeros in two or more lysosomes and
vesicles for example the reticulum
rough endoplasmic golf and movies
Chinese are lighter than the dyne
they have a pair of globular heads more
small and move so
antegrade that is from the centrosome to
the ends of the cell or what is it
same from less to more and like the
dynas serve for the movement
vesicular also help the ex oz and
ptosis to the movement of organelles between
other functions for example a type of
cinema is unable to move because
by sticking to the microtubules causes its
polymerization in the
microfilaments a protein is recognized
motorboat called myosin which is divided
in conventional or myosin type 2 which
is found in muscle cells and
helps the contraction of the same and
the unconventional myosin that splits
in at least 17 types for example the
myosin type 5 with two heads involved
in transporting organelles and
vesicles as well as myosin 1 and 6
Well I hope you liked the
video and the most important thing that they have
learned something this is an explanation
very simple of what the quote is
the motor proteins is actually
much more complicated if they want to know
more of this I recommend you go
to a cell biology book and
molecular like the cap that is the one
I've been in college or any other
already know put thumb up comment
If you have any doubt suggestion
correction or for the simple sake of
comment and even some topic that
they want me to talk and subscribe for
that upload more videos says goodbye jac